Add withdrawal credentials documentation page (#17133)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/withdrawal-credentials/index.md

- Validators can consolidate multiple 32 ETH validators into a single higher-balance validator
- Full exits are still supported through the standard exit queue

Both partial withdrawals and consolidations can be performed via the [Launchpad Validator Actions](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/en/validator-actions).

**Why validators should prefer 0x02:** It offers better capital efficiency through compounding, more control over when withdrawals happen, and supports validator consolidation. For solo stakers who accumulate rewards over time, this means their effective balance—and thus their rewards—can grow beyond 32 ETH without manual intervention.

**Important:** Once you convert from `0x01` to `0x02`, you cannot revert back.

For a detailed guide on converting to Type 2 credentials and the MaxEB feature, see the [MaxEB explainer page](/roadmap/pectra/maxeb/).

## What should I pick? {#what-should-i-pick}

- **New validators:** Choose `0x02`. It's the modern standard with better compounding and flexibility.
- **Existing 0x01 validators:** Consider converting to `0x02` if you want rewards to compound above 32 ETH or plan to consolidate validators.

> - **Existing 0x00 validators:** Upgrade immediately—you cannot withdraw without updating your credentials. You must first convert to `0x01`, then you can convert to `0x02`.

Reviewer: Not sure how I feel about the "upgrade immediately" comment... seems to imply an immediate danger if the user does not, but they can do this at any time.

I get the potential that they could lose access to their keys.. @Buttaa have you seen a lot of cases of people getting locked out over time?

How about softened a little to just:

```suggestion
- **Existing 0x00 validators:** Upgrade highly recommended—you cannot withdraw without updating your credentials. You must first convert to `0x01`, then you can convert to `0x02`.
```
